•	Classifying Subsidy Types 
C.1 Method and Procedure
The classification combines the artificial intelligence classification method with human intervention. It takes three main steps:
Step 1: Manual classification of training data
Two rounds of simple random sampling were undertaken before the classification. The first round randomly selected 12,000 observations from the whole dataset. The second round randomly selected four sets of 2,500 observations (without repetition) from the above 12,000 observations. Each set was then given to four research assistants for manual classification. 
Whenever an individual encounters unclear or ambiguous text content that cannot be easily classified, the record will be bought to a team discussion. Whenever there was a two-two split during the discussion, a fifth individual would be brought in for another round of discussion so that a majority vote could reach the final classification criteria. Through these procedures, the team could grasp the database’s overall characteristics. This information was then used to frame the meaning and boundaries of each category. Common keywords of each category based on the 10,000 observations were also summarized.
The team then linked the keywords from the above procedure with the keywords from the remaining dataset. Keywords with strong corresponding relationships were used for batch classification. Any keywords with more than one likely corresponding relationship were excluded. This step resulted in more than 60,000 extra observations both with a clear classification and a sufficient number of observations in each category. These observations were then combined with the original 10,000 observations from the manual classification and used as the training data for artificial intelligence (AI) deep learning in the next step.
Step 2: Artificial intelligence deep learning classification
Google BERT model was used in this step. A validation testing dataset was randomly selected from the remaining dataset for AI classification. After AI classification, the research assistant team judged the effect of AI classification and made necessary corrections. Then, the BERT model was run for the second time according to the corrected data. After three rounds of “AI classification-manual correction-AI reclassification,” the statistical accuracy rate of AI for the testing dataset reached more than 88%. Then the algorithm was applied to the whole dataset.
Step 3: Manual review
After classifying all the data by the BERT model, a research assistant team manually reviewed all results and made the final round of manual corrections. The team consisted of four original research assistants and three newly entered research assistants. These new research assistants conducted the review after a formal training session given by the team leader of the original four research assistants.
Through these procedures, a total of 500,735 records of subsidies were classified. 
C.2 Keywords and Subsidy Description Examples
Identifying the subsidies meant to support R&D and innovation may have an especially interesting impact on measured firm productivity. The disclosures we associate with “R&D and innovation subsidies” contain keywords such as “innovation,” “R&D,” “patent,” “science”, “technology,” and “intellectual property.” Here are some examples: “patent fee subsidy” (专利费补助), “2015 Technology Invention Award” (2015年度技术发明奖),  and “Subsidy for the research and development project of high-clean aluminum-titanium-boron alloy for aerospace aluminum”(航空航天铝材用高洁净铝钛硼合金研发项目补助款).
We created a separate category for “industrial and equipment upgrading subsidies” that were less focused on innovation, invention, or new technology and more focused on the acquisition of or investment in more advanced capital goods, machinery, and equipment. These subsidies may also have a positive impact on productivity, especially if competition among capital goods producers prevents the full value of improvements in capital goods from being fully captured in their prices. The disclosures we associate with this category often contain keywords such as “industry,” “equipment,” and “industrial transformation.” Here are some examples: “subsidies for investment projects in key industrial industries in Heilongjiang province” (黑龙江省重点工业产业投资项目补助), “Shenzhen industrial transformation special fund for the integration of industrialization and informationization project” (深圳市产业转型专项资金两化融合项目资产资助), “equipment purchase subsidy for Xinjiang mining industry technological transformation project” (新疆矿业工业技改项目设备购置补助).  While we believe the data support the need for these two intellectually distinct categories, we acknowledge that some subsidy disclosures are difficult to uniquely assign to one or the other.
The next category is “employment stabilization and promotion subsidies.”  The Chinese government, at all levels, is well known for placing a high value on “social stability” and seeking to avoid unemployment. Disclosures associated with this category often contain keywords such as “employment,” “internship,” and “labor.” Here are some examples: “college student employment internship subsidy” (大学生就业实习补助), “reward for the employers that have arranged the employment of disabled persons in excess of the required proportion in 2011” (2011年度超比例安排残疾人就业单位奖励), “subsidy for the series of activities of the Futian District Labor Bureau to care for migrant workers” (福田区劳动局关爱外来建设者系列活动补贴).
The next category is “environment protection related subsidies.”  Disclosures associated with this category contain keywords such as “energy saving,” “environment protection,” “clean energy,” “clean production,” “recycle,” and “emission reduction.” Here are some examples: “Government financial subsidy for energy saving”(政府财政节能补贴), “Renewable energy special subsidy fund”(可再生能源专项补助资金), “Chimney demolish subsidy”(烟筒拆除补助).
The previous four categories include subsidies designed to reward firms, at least in principle, for undertaking particular changes in their business practices such as investing in R&D, using more advanced equipment, or reducing their pollution levels. The next category of subsidies is not directly associated with a change in business practices reflecting some specific policy goal.  Instead, this category reflects a mix of subsidies that appear to be supporting the day-to-day operations of the firm.  We call this category “general business subsidies.” Disclosures associated with this category contain a wide range of keywords related to the firm’s business operations, such as “business,” “export,” “brand,” “tax,” “development” and “market.” Here are some examples: “special funds for the development of small and medium-sized enterprises” (中小企业发展专项资金), “special subsidy for business promotion”( 商务促进专项补助), “funds for market development” (市场开拓资金).
The next category contains subsidy disclosures with meaningful textual descriptions, but ones that do not fit into any of the first five categories. Because the number of observations of these disclosures is relatively small and divided across a number of apparent objectives, we aggregate them into this miscellaneous category, which we refer to as “other subsidies.”
Finally, the “unknown” category contains subsidy disclosures with only minimal text descriptions such as “total subsidy amount,” “government subsidy,” “subsidy,” and other brief descriptions that cannot be used for meaningful classification. 
Figure C.1 shows the subsidy amount distribution by subsidy type from 2007 to 2018. The “Unknown” category accounts for the largest amount of subsidies, and “general business subsidies” accounts for the second largest. The 2008 surges in subsidies are especially notable in these two categories, indicating that during the financial crisis, substantial subsidies were given to firms for either no particular reason or for supporting general business operations.
Figure C1 Direct Subsidy Distribution by Types Over Time